guide: make plots guide (#3830)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/visualizing-plots.md

> # Visualizing Plots

Reviewer: It's still low level to my mind. From reading this it's not clear (at least not immediately) how is different from just any plot lib. It reads like it's an alternative to that, while in our case the core differentiator is the approach - codification. DVC captures data into commits and then it can be extracted in different ways to do stuff (including plots). I think it's important to describe.

+ (or along the way) I would give a brief sense how it works - files are saved (can be written from a script in any format) + then DVC provides templates, tools etc to visualize this.

Author: > What do you think of limiting this PR to reorganizing the current content and leaving any content changes to a future PR?

@shcheklein Are you okay with this approach? Wanted to focus on where to put the existing content first.

Reviewer: If we prioritize and do this quick - it makes sense. Otherwise I would be neutral about this PR.

Worst case - we move it now, next someone decides to move things other direction, and so on ... we'll be just moving things around. That's what we need to avoid at all cost.

# Visualizing Plots

A typical workflow for DVC plots is:

1. Save data to a [supported file format](#supported-file-formats).

```csv
fpr,tpr,threshold
0.0,0.0,1.5
1.0,1.0,0.0
```

2. [Define plots](#defining-plots), optionally using
   [templates](#plot-templates-data-series-only) to configure how to visualize
   the data.

```yaml
plots:
  auc.tsv:
    x: fpr
    y: tpr
```

> 3. [Show](/doc/command-reference/plots/show) all plots in a single view or
>    report.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. `dvc plots show` all plots in a single view or report.
```

Author: Keeping this one as is. Don't want to introduce commands here since it's too low level and inconsistent with the others, plus it's inaccurate for showing plots in VS Code and Studio.

![](/img/plots_prc_get_started_show.svg)
![](/img/plots_roc_get_started_show.svg)
![](/img/plots_importance_get_started_show.png '=300 :wrap-left')
![](/img/plots_cm_get_started_show.svg)

4. Run [experiments](/doc/user-guide/experiment-management/experiments-overview)

>    and [compare](/doc/command-reference/plots/diff) plots.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   and [compare](#comparing-plots) plots.
```

![](/img/plots_prc_get_started_diff.svg)
![](/img/plots_roc_get_started_diff.svg)
![](/img/plots_importance_get_started_diff.png)

## Generating plots files

To generate the data files for plots, you can:

1. Use [DVCLive](/doc/dvclive/dvclive-with-dvc) in your Python code to log the
   data in the expected format for you.

> 2. Save data yourself in one of the

Reviewer 2: 💅🏼 Maybe a regular bullet list (not numbered) would be better here to signal equal alternatives and contrast to previous numbered list which was a list of steps.
